c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\bin\Debug\Resources\icon.png
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\bin\Debug\ECE_Showcase.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\bin\Debug\ECE_Showcase.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\bin\Debug\ECE_Showcase.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\ECE_Showcase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\SurfaceWindow1.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\SurfaceWindow1.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\ECE_Showcase_Content.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\ECE_Showcase_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\ECE_Showcase.g.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\ECE_Showcase.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\ECE_Showcase.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\ECE_Showcase.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\ECE_Showcase.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\Screens\HODWelcome.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\Screens\HomeScreen.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\Screens\InfoScreen.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\Screens\HODWelcome.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\Screens\HomeScreen.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ECE_Showcase\ECE_Showcase\obj\Debug\Screens\InfoScreen.g.cs
